(Himawari) [coughing]
[heavy breathing/coughing]
(Boruto) Are you okay, Himawari?
There's been something going
around.
Big Brother...
Hmm?
I want to eat...hamburger steak.
Sure. When you get to feeling
better, Mom will make some for
you, okay?
(Boruto) So you just rest up now
and get healthy.
Okay.
I'm gonna go now. I need to pick
up medicine for her.
Would you keep an eye on
Himawari for me?
No problem.
Hmm?
Yeah, that's right...
(Boruto) We had a rough time
with Himawari back then, too.
[mumbling/laughing]
[deep breath]
It's getting late. Where's
Naruto?
The ceremony starts really early
tomorrow.
[mumbling]
[gasps]
Oh, no...
There you go.
[hiccups]
Hey, you're home now.
Oh, yeah...
Sorry, Hinata. He ended up
getting pretty wasted.
[chuckles] Aw, poor Naruto. He's
never really been a strong
drinker.
Naruto is finally going to take
center stage tomorrow!
And all of us will be there! All
of his friends will cheer him on
at full power!
Well, if you ask me, it's
obvious I gave up my seat so he
could be the 7th Hokage.
That's quite the
claim you're making...
considering you were never a
candidate in the first place,
Kiba.
[grunts] You shut up, Shino!
Hey guys, I'm sure that the kids
are probably asleep so could you
keep it down?
[sighs]
Iruka Sensei. I promise I'll
become the Hokage.
I'm gonna show you I can do it,
ya know.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[snoring]
Mhm!
Can you two please go
wake your father up?
Okay!
Is Dad seriously still asleep?
He is so completely hopeless.
[yawns]
[giggles]
Daddy, wake up!
[snoring]
Hey Daddy!
Come on! Wake up!
(Boruto) [laughs]
All this cutesy coaxing isn't
gonna work on him, Himawari.
Now watch and learn. We said get
up, ya know!
Huh?
[grunts]
(Boruto/Himawari) Thank you for
the food!
(Naruto) Yeah, thanks.
Hey, isn't today the Hokage's
Inauguration or whatever it is?
Shouldn't you be getting up on
your own?
Yes, you're absolutely right.
[giggles] Boruto's been looking
forward to it for a while.
Last night he insisted on
waiting up for you until you got
home...
(Hinata) So he went to bed very
late.
Really? Is that so?
[grunts] Come on, Mom!
I can't wait! I can't wait!
(Hinata) I'm going to go pick up
your formal attire.
Huh? It isn't ready
yet? Really?
Sadly, it's not.
Apparently the artisan who's
doing the embroidery is very
picky.
This is the one thing I can't
delegate!
This has been my job for many,
many, many years!
You see, She's done the
embroidery for every Hokage so
far, and wants it to be perfect.
(Hinata) I was told that it
isn't going to be finished
until the very last minute.
Sorry.
I see.
Oh, right. It wasn't finished
in time for Kakashi Sensei's
inauguration.
Man, how old is this lady by
now?
I plan on going straight to the
venue after I pick it up.
So please go on ahead with the
kids and I'll meet you there.
(Naruto) Okay.
Alright!
Bye Mommy!
[crowd chatter]
So this means I'm finally being
relieved of my duties.
I can't wait to spend the rest
of my life relaxing at a hot
spring.
Oh man, it's gonna be a drag if
you leave a bunch of work for us
to do.
We're definitely going to need
you to stay on as a trusted
advisor.
Ahem! Smoking's not
allowed here, Sir.
(Shikamaru) I can't smoke
anywhere these days.
In any case, he's late.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Hey Hinata.
(Kakashi) Where's Naruto? It's
almost time to start.
Huh?
So you mean, my
husband isn't here yet?
Huh?
Can you take this please?
Uh.
I'll go check on him!
Uh, wait! [sighs]
Hey! Come on, you two! Hurry,
let's go!
(Naruto) What are you guys
doing?
No! Gimmie it! It's mine
I'm bringing it!
Leave it here, it'll
only get in the way!
Besides, you'll get tired and
I'll be the one who ends up
carrying it!
No, I'm bringing it!
(Boruto) Come on, everyone's
gonna be there!
Put yourself in my shoes!
I don't wanna be
carrying something so
embarrassing around!
Let go!
I told you to leave it at home!
Hey, stop you two! We have to
leave right now otherwise we'll
be late for the ceremony!
You are!
[grunting]
[grunts]
[grunts] Uh‐oh!
Now I've really done it.
Uh, look I'm sorry, but if you
weren't pulling so hard then...
Enough kids! I told you two to
cut it...! Huh?
Huh?
(Boruto) Her eyes look just like
Mom's!
[grunting]
Boruto!
Himawari's snapped! She's really
strong! And all of the sudden
she's really scary too! [yells]
Byakugan?! What the heck's going
on?
Ah! She's coming!
Locked on.
Oh no!
Ah! [grunts]
[grunts]
[chattering]
What in the world is holding
Naruto up? He's not gonna
make it in time.
Well then, we have no other
choice. Hey, Konohamaru!
Huh?
[chattering]
We will now begin the
inauguration of the Seventh
Hokage!
I Kakashi Hatake the Sixth
Hokage will be the one presiding
over the ceremony today.
[sighs]
All right then, let's bring up
the man of the hour himself!
(Kakashi) The hero of the ninja
world who guided us after the
Great Ninja War.
The man who will succeed me as
the Seventh Hokage!
The man you all know...
(Kakashi) Naruto Uzumaki!
[cheering]
Th‐thank you! Thank you!
Huh?
[chuckles] That guy's something.
Oh, I mean uh, you know?
Sorry Big Brother Naruto, but
I'm gonna fool everyone with my
Transformation Jutsu, ay?
Naruto? Naruto! What happened?
Huh? this is Halted Chakra
Points! He'll be unconscious all
day!
But who did this?
Big Brother.
(Himawari) Are you playing
hide‐and‐seek?
I had no idea Himawari was this
dangerous when she's upset!
[grunts]
(Himawari) Are you in here?
[evil giggle]
(Himawari) Big Brother, I found
you!
[groaning]
(Boruto) On that day, I swore
that I'd never make her mad ever
again.
I thought I was dead.
She could see where I was with
her Byakugan no matter where I
hid!
Talk about unfair!
(Boruto) And ever since that
day, when he became the
Hokage...
my stupid old man hasn't come
home all that much.
(Boruto) Damn it. I can't
believe he's not even coming
home at a time like this.
(Naruto) I'm home!
Hmm?
[gasps] I heard Himawari has a
fever. Is she all right?
Uh, mhm. Don't you
have to work, Dad?
Shikamaru and my shadow
clone are still there.
Hey uh, Dad?
(Boruto) Your cloak is inside
out, you know.
Huh? Seriously? Oh wow, you're
right! That's weird, wow.
Damn.
(Boruto) You're still so uncool.
[snoring]
(Boruto) Hamburger steak!
(Naruto) Nope!
(Naruto) Rice porridge!
I'm telling you Himawari said
she wanted to eat some hamburger
steak!
She shouldn't have that! Rice
porridge is what you need when
you're not feeling well!
Excuse me, boys.
Hamburger steak!
Rice porridge!
(Boruto) But her fever went
down, so what's the harm?
(Naruto) No means no!
(Boruto) Why not? Hamburger
steak!
(Naruto) Rice porridge!
(Boruto) Hamburger steak!
(Naruto) You're not the one
who's gonna eat it!
(Boruto) I know I'm not gonna
eat it!
(Hinata) Stop it. Enough.
(Hinata) If you're going to be
loud, then go outside!
See what you did? You got Mom
all upset.
No I didn't, she got upset
because of you! Hmph.
All right, well, Himawari seems
to be doing better.
And I left a pile of unfinished
papers at work. So I guess I'll
go.
[stomach growls]
Hey you wanna go get a bite to
eat?
Huh? You want to go out? I
thought you said you had work to
do.
Yeah, I do, but I can't work
when I'm hungry.
So what do you say
we go get something?
You don't want to?
Fine, I guess I'll go. So where
are we gonna eat?
[people chattering]
You know, I've been coming to
this place since I was a little
kid.
I've got a lot of fond memories
here.
And it used to be such a small
little place. But now, it's
huge!
Seriously, ramen?
Mom says you eat hamburgers
every chance you get, and it's
the only thing you eat.
Is that really true? If it is
that's a totally unbalanced
diet.
Huh? You're one to talk, Mr. "I
only ever eat ramen!"
[chuckles] Yeah, you have no
idea how good Ichiraku ramen is.
Believe it or not, it has the
same nutritional content as Food
Pills do.
It comes highly recommended, and
by every jonin in the village,
and the Sixth Hokage!
Uh, seriously?
Hi welcome! Oh hey! It's been
quite a while, Lord Seventh.
Yeah sorry I haven't been able
to drop by lately.
No worries! You must be really
busy.
Hello! How wonderful that you
brought your son today!
Hello.
I can't believe how much you've
grown since the last time I saw
you!
(Naruto) Nah, he's still just a
kid!
(Ayame) [giggles] What can I get
you?
We'll have two ramen specials
and, hold on a sec.
(Naruto) [chuckles] Is my Naruto
gift certificate still good?
(Ayame) Of course it is!
After all, it was a wedding gift
to you from my father, and
founder of this shop!
We'd be so honored! Besides
we're indebted to the world's
greatest Ninja hero!
It's because of your patronage
our shop has grown so much! See?
Uhh.
[chuckles]
Oh man, it smells so good! Sure
brings back memories.
Everything around here's all
shiny and new now.
Actually, this is where your mom
and I went to eat on our very
first date.
Aren't you supposed to go
someplace fancier for that kind
of thing?
No, your mom just said. "I'd
love to go out and get some
ramen! I'm serious ya know!
Are you sure about that? I
really can't picture Mom being
all that in love with ramen.
Well I'm telling you that's
exactly what happened.
And ever since that day, your
mother's been in love with this
place.
Yeah, yeah.
(Naruto) [sighs] By the way, how
are things at the Academy?
Ah, so‐so.
Don't give your teachers too
much trouble now. Although when
I was your age...
It's Kagemasa!
Wow, I didn't know they had
this.
What? Oh, I didn't know you
liked that kind of thing.
I didn't say that. My friends
are the ones who like it.
(Boruto) Denki, and Iwabe.
(Naruto) Of course he likes this
stuff, all the kids do.
Well, he seems to be making more
friends, so that's good.
Here you go, thank you for
waiting!
[slurping]
(Newscaster) The time‐honored
Five Kage Summit is fast
approaching.
The Leaf Village will host this
year's conference.
The Kage from each village will
be meeting to discuss a wide
variety of important subjects.
[slurping]
(Newscaster) According to the
official press release...
I guess you're gonna
get busy again.
Probably. [blowing on noodles]
That's fine with me. Just don't
make Himawari and Mom sad, okay?
I won't. Ha! You're still a kid,
you don't need to worry so much.
Hmm. And whose fault is it that
I can't just be a happy‐go‐lucky
kid?
(Ayame) Welcome!
(Choji) Huh?
Hey, what a coincidence.
Hey.
Choji! I didn't know you bring
your daughter here.
[chuckles] You bet!
My dad and I always come here at
least once a month to do our
ramen‐eating contest.
You're actually battling your
daughter in a ramen eating
contest?
You stay out of it, Naruto.
This is a serious battle for us
chubby types. Our pride is on
the line here!
In this world of extreme
calories, parental ties are of
absolutely no consequence!
Well, good luck then!
I don't quite get it but they
seem to be having fun.
Why can't our family be more
like that?
[slurping] Hmm?
[grunts] That makes it seem like
I want to be closer to that
stupid old man!
What's wrong?
There's nothing wrong! [gulps]
I'm gonna break
your historic record.
No, I'm gonna break the
Legendary Queen of Gluttony's
record!
Legendary Queen of Gluttony?
What the heck is that?
[chuckles] That's enough now!
Let's eat before the noodles get
too soft!
Uh, okay.
(Naruto) [sighs]
That hit the spot!
Ah!
Wasn't that tasty?
I guess it was okay.
Well I'm glad that you enjoyed
it. As I said, I have lots of
memories in this shop.
(Naruto) Things may look
different around here...
But I've still got a lot of
great old stories from this
place.
It looks like it's a tie.
[groans]
I guess I was a little short of
beating the Legendary Queen of
Gluttony.
But there's always next time.
[groans]
(Naruto) See ya, Choji!
Okay...
Thank you so much for coming!
I can't believe those two ate
all that food.
Hey, the Legendary Queen of
Gluttony...who is that person
anyway?
What? Don't tell me you never
told your son!
Uh, well, Boruto?
Hmm?
(Boruto) No way! Mom?!
[gasping]
(Boruto) Seriously?
Oh.
This photo. Naruto, it's from
after the Inauguration Ceremony.
(Naruto) Yeah, exactly.
Who knew she would
awaken her Byakugan?
[snoring]
But it's still such a shame. It
made you miss your own
inauguration.
It had been your dream for so
long.
[chuckles] Yeah, but now I have
a different dream. It's just
changed a bit, that's all.
Oh? A different dream?
That's right.
(Naruto) Now that I'm the
Hokage, the entire village is my
family.
So I want to protect and cherish
every single person.
Oh, Naruto.
[chuckles] I can't believe it.
I'm starting to sound exactly
like Grandpa Third.
(Naruto) But I've realized my
dream of becoming the Hokage.
This is my new dream now.
[chuckles]
(Hinata) Even if you realize one
dream, it's never over for you.
You just start chasing the next
one. Isn't that right, Naruto?
(Cho‐Cho) We have no traits in
common.
You'd never know he was my dad.
We don't even look alike, right?
(Sarada) Heh, well I couldn't
say.
(Cho‐Cho) What about you,
Sarada?
(Sarada) Who me?
(Cho‐Cho) Do you and your Dad
have a lot in common?
(Sarada) I really don't know. I
can't even remember him. I
haven't seen him in a long time.
(Boruto) Next time on "Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
Sarada Uchiha."
(Sarada) Where are you, Dad? And
what are you doing?